well howdy they're gonna have people
it's Bo again so I guess were to part
four of that
this is Como a lot longer than I thought
it would
quick recap if this is the first one
you're tuning into we are doing a quick
question and answer from Twitter for
those who can't normally make a live
stream is what this boils down to okay
question what steps could be taken to
rehabilitate news media perception among
all Americans follow-up questions how
dangerous should we regard sources like
to that I'm totally not going to name
and give air to who to the public trust
okay so what steps can be taken to
rehabilitate the news media's perception
among all Americans I think the first
thing that they would need to do would
be start being less inflammatory less
bias and it doesn't matter which ally
you're talking about
it's it's a matter of the fact that they
all are and this channel I'm bias
I have biases everybody does the
difference is I'm pretty open about my
when they tend to present themselves as
trusted and that they are factual and
accurate we report you decide type of
thing it when they try to pass that off
as objective it becomes a problem
especially when they're bias is very
transparent they would have to become
more balanced they'd have to live up to
their marketing it's ok to have somebody
who's a right-winger as long as you also
have somebody who's a left-winger when
you're talking about discussing events
there was a time when Reuters was the
standard who what when where why and the
why is always at the end and any
speculation is marked as speculation I
think that would be a big one and then
going back to just the the normal
standard practices of journalism like
marking your stock footage
your file footage as file rather than
trying to make it seem like you have
somebody there filming it right now
little stuff like that would go a long
way as far as those other outlets I I
don't know that I would use the term
dangerous they're only dangerous if
they're not countered they're only
dangerous if people aren't aware of what
they are you know one of these that
you've named is actually a frequent
advertiser on this channel and I love it
I love the fact that they fund my
channel Oh
denying them those resources there has
to be a counter to it there has to be a
counter to it and if there is a counter
to it then it's not dangerous if there's
not it runs amok it does become
dangerous so I would not suggest when
you're talking about really inflammatory
outlets I do believe that mocking them
is actually the right move even though I
normally normally think engaging is the
right thing to do with them no there's
no engaging that that type of rhetoric
those that push those kind of theories
mahkum debunk them move on
what are your thoughts about how
everything going on is affecting any
agricultural world commodities of crash
in February and with restaurants all
closed the surplus is likely to be a
mess
what kind of actions should the Fed be
taking to protect American against
producers and assume that's a type of
American agricultural producers I
actually don't think there's much they
need to do I know that's
counterintuitive there's gonna be a
surplus here there's gonna be surplus
everywhere so it's gonna be cheap I
don't think there's gonna be a lot of
foreign competition I don't think people
are going to want to import here because
they're not going to get much for it I
don't foresee that being a huge issue
because I think the bigger issue is that
surplus is going to be huge because we
eat out a lot and we're not doing that
right now and that I think that I think
farmers are in for a rough time I think
farmers are in for rough time
and they're they're probably going to
need a bailout or it's just going to all
become big agriculture they're gonna buy
up everything that those are the two
things that are gonna happen one of
those there's either gonna be a bailout
or it's all going to be corporate owned
should the United States adopt a
parliamentary system there there's a
whole bunch of different remedies
that's one sure I like the idea of
getting rid of parties altogether more
than anything but again my views on
where we're headed are pretty extreme
they're pretty radical on that so the
stepping stones to get there are just
that to me they're stepping stones I
don't think they're fixes please explain
the whole fifth column okay so the fifth
column there's a story and it's
basically there's a general he has a
city surrounded and he's like I have
four columns north south east and west I
also have a fifth column inside the city
ready to open the gates
and forces the city to surrender a rough
version of the story the name the fifth
column came from a news outlet which is
still just kind of just on hiatus right
now but the idea behind it was to help
profile more independent voices you know
there's a lot in the major news networks
there's a lot of gatekeeping going on
the fifth column a news outlet designed
to open those gates and allow more
people have a voice in the media that
was the general idea behind it
I know people people read a lot into
that is it even truly possible that we
the people can ever have a fair
representative body of electives
that's not owned by the big Corpse
possible sure probable now people are
corruptible and large corporations have
money representative government is good
but it's not perfect
see I love your immigration videos
anything to do it would be great
especially the new order Trump's putting
in place how could he be held
accountable I don't know the Trump would
ever be held accountable for his actions
realistically I think that the powers
that be the establishment figures when
they get back the Oval Office
and they get it out of the hands of this
guy they're going to want to forget
about this as soon as possible I don't
see they're gonna be working on mending
the image of the United States and I
think that any public accountability of
Trump might undermine that in their eyes
I think it's necessary but I don't know
that they will so I don't know I'm
interested to see in the absence of a
coherent federal response is there
valuing and participation via platforms
like this because I don't know what this
is a symptom tracker maybe maybe I'm all
about decentralization when it comes to
everything so the more information in
the more hands the better you know a lot
of the big breakthroughs have not been
coming through government auspices
they've been coming through people
working together I I definitely I don't
know anything about that particular or
that particular app but yeah I mean the
one of the things I use is actually a
thermometer like a internet of things
it's tied to the web and one of the
things I used to track it is actually
the readings from these thermometers so
that kind of information is useful okay
I'm interested in your take on
free-market capitalism versus cronyism
the former is often referred to in place
of the latter I've been guilty of it
myself
free-market capitalism can only exist
without a government and that that's
that's the reality of it as soon as the
government comes to plant that come into
play there's corruption there's cronyism
it happens and if under free-market
capitalism without a government you are
going to very quickly have a de facto
government those with the money make the
rules so yeah I don't see a whole lot of
difference I know people like to draw
that that difference I don't know that
it's as significant as a lot of people
make it at the end of the day okay so
here we are again ten minutes so we're
gonna go ahead and stop and come right
back man I do not think there were going
to be this many questions